V1 understand the instructions for this test.
EFear8 love dangerous situations.
EDepe3 need the approval of others.
XExpr3 am the life of the party.
AGent6 am quick to judge others.
CPrud8 make careless mistakes.
OCrea10 seldom experience sudden intuitive insights.
ESent1 feel others' emotions.
OCrea2 come up with something new.
HGree1 would not enjoy being a famous celebrity.
XLive9 tire out quickly.
EFear7 face danger confidently.
AFlex4 react strongly to criticism.
XSoci10 keep others at a distance.
XSoci6 seem to derive less enjoyment from interacting with people than others do.
HGree9 prefer to eat at expensive restaurants.
HSinc7 pretend to be concerned for others.
EAnxi1 often worry about things that turn out to be unimportant.
EFear5 would never go riding down a stretch of rapids in a canoe.
APati4 rarely get irritated.
CPerf8 demand quality.
CPerf10 prefer to just let things happen.
HFair10 would not regret my behavior if were to take advantage of someone impulsively.
OInqu10 will not probe deeply into a subject.
ESent4 am sensitive to the needs of others.
XExpr8 say little.
OInqu7 don't know much about history.
EDepe7 suspect that my facial expressions give me away when feel sad.
XSocB1 am good at making impromptu speeches.
CPerf9 pay too little attention to details.
CPrud5 do things without thinking of the consequences.
XLive1 maintain high energy throughout the day.
CPerf3 have an eye for detail.
OCrea6 have excellent ideas.
APati3 am usually a patient person.
HFair8 steal things.
EDepe1 need reassurance.
HMode10 boast about my virtues.
OAesA6 do not like art.
HMode1 don't think that i'm better than other people.
XSocB3 feel comfortable around people.
APati5 seldom get mad.
APati10 get upset easily.
XSoci2 talk to a lot of different people at parties.
AFlex3 when interacting with a group of people, am often bothered by at least one of them.
AForg2 try to forgive and forget.
CPrud10 make a fool of myself.
OUnco2 know that my ideas sometimes surprise people.
AForg7 get back at people who insult me.
AGent1 rarely complain.
OInqu6 have a rich vocabulary.
OAesA4 enjoy feeling close to the earth.
XSoci4 make friends easily.
CPerf4 want every detail taken care of.
AForg1 love my enemies.
APati2 rarely feel angry with people.
XSocB5 have a strong personality.
AGent4 have a good word for everyone.
XExpr4 tell people about it when i'm irritated.
XLive2 have great stamina.
HGree3 love luxury.
HFair4 would feel very badly for a long time if were to steal from someone.
COrga8 don't finish the things that start.
XSocB8 find it difficult to approach others.
XSoci1 usually like to spend my free time with people.
HFair6 admire a really clever scam.
AForg9 distrust people.
EDepe9 can't do without the company of others.
ESent10 seldom get emotional.
OInqu3 enjoy intellectual games.
HGree6 am mainly interested in money.
AForg5 find it hard to forgive others.
CPrud9 don't know why do some of the things do.
HMode7 like to attract attention.
OCrea1 have a vivid imagination.
HMode2 see myself as an average person.
ESent6 rarely cry during sad movies.
CDili4 work hard.
EAnxi10 don't worry about things that have already happened.
HGree7 wish to stay young forever.
AFlex10 am hard to reason with.
OCrea5 love to think up new ways of doing things.
XExpr10 speak softly.
OCrea7 do not have a good imagination.
XLive5 feel healthy and vibrant most of the time.
OCrea8 have difficulty imagining things.
OUnco1 am considered to be kind of eccentric.
AFlex9 am hard to satisfy.
ESent9 don't understand people who get emotional.
APati1 find that it takes a lot to make me feel angry at someone.
HSinc10 let people push me around to help them feel important.
OInqu2 would love to explore strange places.
OAesA5 have read the great literary classics.
EDepe10 want to be liked.
XExpr6 don't talk a lot.
ESent7 seldom feel weepy while reading the sad part of a story.
CDili7 stop when work becomes too difficult.
XLive4 smile a lot.
XSocB6 would be afraid to give a speech in public.
HGree5 seek status.
ESent5 am deeply moved by others' misfortunes.
AFlex6 am hard to convince.
CDili1 push myself very hard to succeed.
HSinc5 switch my loyalties when feel like it.
AFlex1 adjust easily.
EFear10 am willing to take risks.
OAesA1 believe in the importance of art.
EAnxi7 rarely feel depressed.
HGree2 don't strive for elegance in my appearance.
OUnco5 swim against the current.
OUnco4 rebel against authority.
APati7 get angry easily.
EAnxi4 get upset by unpleasant thoughts that come into my mind.
HFair3 return extra change when a cashier makes a mistake.
OAesA2 get deeply immersed in music.
XExpr9 bottle up my feelings.
OAesA10 do not enjoy watching dance performances.
COrga5 want everything to be just right.
EAnxi6 rarely worry.
CPerf1 pay attention to details.
HGree10 am out for my own personal gain.
XExpr2 am never at a loss for words.
OUnco3 do things that others find strange.
XSoci3 love to chat.
HMode5 would like to have more power than other people.
COrga4 like to tidy up.
HGree8 try to impress others.
CPerf2 continue until everything is perfect.
EFear3 would fear walking in a high-crime part of a city.
EDepe2 let myself be influenced by others.
EFear9 would be good at rescuing people from a burning building.
XSocB7 keep in the background.
XSocB9 hate being the center of attention.
APati8 get irritated easily.
XExpr5 have an intense, boisterous laugh.
AGent2 take things as they come.
XSoci9 am hard to get to know.
AGent9 have a sharp tongue.
COrga7 leave my belongings around.
EDepe8 seek support.
XLive6 laugh a lot.
OAesA3 see beauty in things that others might not notice.
OUnco6 would hate to be considered odd or strange.
AGent10 criticize others' shortcomings.
AFlex2 am good at taking advice.
XLive3 am usually active and full of energy.
XSoci8 would not enjoy a job that involves a lot of social interaction.
COrga9 often forget to put things back in their proper place.
HSinc9 find it necessary to please the people who have power.
XSocB10 have little to say.
XLive7 feel that have a lot of inner strength.
CDili9 hang around doing nothing.
EFear1 am a physical coward.
HFair7 cheat to get ahead.
XLive10 often feel blue.
COrga1 keep things tidy.
EAnxi3 get stressed out easily.
OAesA8 do not like poetry.
HGree4 have a strong need for power.
CPerf7 detect mistakes.
XSoci5 enjoy being part of a group.
OUnco8 like to be viewed as proper and conventional.
EDepe4 need protection.
AGent7 find fault with everything.
CPrud6 make rash decisions.
EDepe5 often need help.
HSinc2 use flattery to get ahead.
OInqu5 find political discussions interesting.
AGent3 accept people as they are.
HMode6 believe that am better than others.
CDili3 am exacting in my work.
CPerf5 dislike imperfect work.
CPrud1 avoid mistakes.
OUnco10 try to avoid complex people.
OInqu4 love to read challenging material.
EFear4 tremble in dangerous situations.
EFear6 like to do frightening things.
XExpr1 talk a lot.
XExpr7 don't like to draw attention to myself.
CDili8 do too little work.
XSoci7 rarely enjoy being with people.
HSinc6 play a role in order to impress people.
HFair5 try to follow the rules.
XSocB2 don't mind being the center of attention.
CDili2 get started quickly on doing a job.
HMode4 consider myself an average person.
AFlex5 get upset if others change the way that have arranged things.
AForg3 am inclined to forgive others.
AGent8 speak ill of others.
HMode9 am likely to show off if get the chance.
OUnco7 enjoy being thought of as a normal mainstream person.
EAnxi8 am not easily disturbed by events.
OCrea9 have trouble guessing how others will react.
OCrea3 carry the conversation to a higher level.
COrga10 am not bothered by disorder.
AForg10 feel that most people can't be trusted.
EAnxi9 remain calm under pressure.
EAnxi5 panic easily.
HSinc8 act like different people in different situations.
CDili6 do just enough work to get by.
CPerf6 want everything to add up perfectly.
CPrud2 make plans and stick to them.
AForg4 am nice to people should be angry at.
AForg6 hold a grudge.
HFair1 would never take things that aren't mine.
OAesA7 seldom notice the emotional aspects of paintings and pictures.
HFair9 cheat on people who have trusted me.
OUnco9 like to be thought of as a normal kind of person.
OInqu8 avoid difficult reading material.
EFear2 begin to panic when there is danger.
HFair2 would never cheat on my taxes.
HSinc4 put on a show to impress people.
HMode3 am just an ordinary person.
AGent5 become frustrated and angry with people when they don't live up to my expectations.
COrga2 get chores done right away.
CPrud4 jump into things without thinking.
XLive8 have a lot of fun.
AForg8 get even with others.
HMode8 am more capable than most others.
EAnxi2 worry about things.
AFlex8 can't stand being contradicted.
ESent8 am seldom bothered by the apparent suffering of strangers.
ESent3 cry during movies.
XSocB4 have leadership abilities.
COrga6 leave a mess in my room.
AFlex7 am annoyed by others' mistakes.
ESent2 immediately feel sad when hearing of an unhappy event.
CDili10 quickly lose interest in the tasks start.
CDili5 complete tasks successfully.
OInqu1 am interested in science.
COrga3 like order.
CPrud3 do things according to a plan.
EDepe6 show my sadness.
HSinc3 tell other people what they want to hear so that they will do what want them to do.
APati9 lose my temper.
CPrud7 act impulsively when something is bothering me.
OInqu9 don't bother worrying about political and social problems.
APati6 am easily annoyed.
OAesA9 do not like concerts.
HSinc1 don't pretend to be more than am.
OCrea4 am full of ideas.
V2	I have answered all of these questions as accurately as possible.
