 


Use flattery to get ahead.

 

Tell other people what they want to hear so that they will do what I want them to do.

 

Put on a show to impress people.

 

Switch my loyalties when I feel like it.

 

Play a role in order to impress people.

 

Pretend to be concerned for others.

 

Act like different people in different situations.

 

Find it necessary to please the people who have power.

 

Let people push me around to help them feel important.


Admire a really clever scam.

 

Cheat to get ahead.

 

Steal things.

 

Cheat on people who have trusted me.

 

Would not regret my behavior if I were to take advantage of someone impulsively.

Love luxury.

 

Have a strong need for power.

 

Seek status.

 

Am mainly interested in money.

 

Wish to stay young forever.

 

Try to impress others.

 

Prefer to eat at expensive restaurants.

 

Am out for my own personal gain.

Would like to have more power than other people.

 

Believe that I am better than others.

 

Like to attract attention.

 

Am more capable than most others.

 

Am likely to show off if I get the chance.

 
Boast about my virtues.


Like to do frightening things.

 

Face danger confidently.

 

Love dangerous situations.

 

Would be good at rescuing people from a burning building.

 

Am willing to take risks.


Rarely worry.

 

Rarely feel depressed.

 

Am not easily disturbed by events.

 

Remain calm under pressure.

 

Don't worry about things that have already happened.


Rarely cry during sad movies.

 

Seldom feel weepy while reading the sad part of a story.

 

Am seldom bothered by the apparent suffering of strangers.

 

Don't understand people who get emotional.

 

Seldom get emotional.


Don't talk a lot.

 

Don't like to draw attention to myself.

 

Say little.

 

Bottle up my feelings.

 

Speak softly.


Would be afraid to give a speech in public.

 

Keep in the background.

 

Find it difficult to approach others.

 

Hate being the center of attention.

 

Have little to say.



Seem to derive less enjoyment from interacting with people than others do.

 

Rarely enjoy being with people.

 

Would not enjoy a job that involves a lot of social interaction.

 

Am hard to get to know.

 

Keep others at a distance.

Tire out quickly.

 

Often feel blue.

Find it hard to forgive others.

 

Hold a grudge.

 

Get back at people who insult me.

 

Get even with others.

 

Distrust people.

 

Feel that most people can't be trusted.

Become frustrated and angry with people when they don't live up to my expectations.

 

Am quick to judge others.

 

Find fault with everything.

 

Speak ill of others.

 

Have a sharp tongue.

 

Criticize others' shortcomings.



When interacting with a group of people, am often bothered by at least one of them.  

 

React strongly to criticism.

 

Get upset if others change the way that I have arranged things.

 

Am hard to convince.

 

Am annoyed by others' mistakes.

 

Can't stand being contradicted.

 

Am hard to satisfy.

 

Am hard to reason with.

Am easily annoyed.

 

Get angry easily.

 

Get irritated easily.

 

Lose my temper.

 

Get upset easily.

Leave a mess in my room.

 

Leave my belongings around.

 

Don't finish the things that I start.

 

Often forget to put things back in their proper place.

 

Am not bothered by disorder.



Do just enough work to get by.

 

Stop when work becomes too difficult.

 

Do too little work.

 

Hang around doing nothing.

 

Quickly lose interest in the tasks I start.


Pay too little attention to details.

 

Prefer to just let things happen.



Jump into things without thinking.

 

Do things without thinking of the consequences.

 

Make rash decisions.

 

Act impulsively when something is bothering me.

 

Make careless mistakes.

 

Don't know why I do some of the things I do.

 

Make a fool of myself.



Do not like art.

 

Seldom notice the emotional aspects of paintings and pictures.

 

Do not like poetry.

 

Do not like concerts.

 

Do not enjoy watching dance performances.



Don't know much about history.

 

Avoid difficult reading material.

 

Don't bother worrying about political and social problems.

 

Will not probe deeply into a subject.



Do not have a good imagination.

 

Have difficulty imagining things.

 

Have trouble guessing how others will react.

 

Seldom experience sudden intuitive insights.



Would hate to be considered odd or strange.

 

Enjoy being thought of as a normal "mainstream" person.

 

Like to be viewed as proper and conventional.

 

Like to be thought of as a normal kind of person.

Try to avoid complex people.

